Yes!
ADVENT CALENDARS 0,99 €
Your sister's calendar
wasn't enough for you?
I guess you'll never be satisfied.
Eat me!
Calendarum Maleficarum!
Calendarum Maleficarum.
Calendarum Maleficarum...
Where...where am I?
Hello??
[singing Christmas carol in Spanish]
IT IS A PLEASURE TO ANNOUNCE YOU
HAVE BEEN SELECTED TO ATTEND OUR
CHRISTMAS PARTY
CELEBRATED AT HOTEL VERSAILLES.
PLEASE, BE PUNCTUAL.
You are half an hour early.
- Marc?
- Hm?
Are you okay?
Yes.
Okay.
Come, we have to go inside.
Mum and Dad are expecting us.
- Hi, Dad.
- Hi, darling.
Marc.
- Daniel.
Glad to see you again.
Let's have a toast!
To our first Christmas together.
Together with Marc!
Cheers.
And that's why, Marc,
the first present is for you.
You know what you have to do?
Yes.
This knife belonged to my Dad.
And he got it from my grandfather.
And now...
It's your turn.
You can do it, honey!
Do it, Marc.
To the young couple, Esther and Marc!
And Marc...
Welcome to the family.
Did you find it?
What's up?
What are you doing?
I don't want to go.
Let's go.
I want to do something.
Do what?
I'm going to kill that son of a bitch!
Listen to me carefully.
We're going home. Now.
He should be in jail.
Maybe it's not him.
Yes it is.
Please, let's go.
Don't worry.
I understand you, really.
You didn't love him.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Dad.
You didn't love him like I did.
So pretty.
Mimi, do you want it like this?
Or like this?
Ta-da! Shall we try
something else this time?
That doll is not yours but mine!
Give it to me!
Hey! Excuse me! Mister!
I hate your hair.
What the hell did the doll ever do to you?
Ah, for fuck's sake.
Fucking bitch...da fuck off me!
Gah, fuck...
Crazy bitch!
Daddy!
For fuck's sake.
Daddy, please help me!
I promise I'll be good.
I don't wanna die.
Ha-young cut me with the knife.
Daddy!
Ha-na killed my doll.
We should probably get rid of this knife.
Wow, a present!
Open it up and see!
Ta-da!
It's a doll.
Ha-young!
This sweet little doll will always
listen to you, and never scream.
Wow, she looks just like my dead sister.
I promised I would give you twins.
Don't harass her, just play with
her for the rest of your life.
Wow, so pretty...
From now on, you'll be my doll.
I prefer you as a doll.
You talked too much when you were alive.
LOST COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRYSIDE
Valentina, what are you doing?
It's not even Christmas yet,
and you're undoing the tree?
I hate Christmas, understood?
All these lights, everyone
loving each other. Enough!
Look, Valentina, I've got presents for
Dad and the kids. Where are they?
They're in there, go!
Just leave me alone.
Dad?
Dad, where are you?
Dad!
Dad, wake up!
Dad, I have a present for you, wake up.
Dad...
Dad, wake up.
The kids. The kids!
Kids?
Have you given them the presents?
Yes. Yes, I have.
Dad?
- Granddad, is she gone?
- Yes. Let's go get her, quick!
My sister even hangs
herself to get attention.
- But Mum, she's dead.
- She's dead!
- Hands off!
- Come on, relax.
Man, you're getting on my nerves.
Hey!
Easy, bro.
I'm not your damn bro!
Get lost, Schmock.
I recognized him.
I'll never forget that face.
Okay, listen.
You're gonna mark him.
I can't do this. His smell makes me sick.
You don't have to smell him.
In the crowd at the entrance,
you put a mark on his back.
A "P" for "Pig"!
Hey.
You wait outside the door
until we text you.
Let us pass, our friend has
been drinking too much!
RAPE
Get off me, you...
No!
THE PIG IS READY
Girls, watch out, he's waking up!
Hold him down! Fuck! Shit!
Fuck!
Do it, Caren.
That's not him.
That's the wrong one!
You've got the wrong one!
There are no wrong ones.
I thought about you this year,
I kept everything low cal.
You should really talk to your
brother about his new business.
Maybe he's looking for an assistant.
What is this, is it...
Polyester?
- Polyester.
...he was driving drunk
and he went to prison.
Look at those little buns,
I could eat them up!
Hey-hey! Uncle.
Isn't she pretty.
To the beauty of youth!
Rose!
Come say hello to your uncle. Hm?
No, sweetheart, Kevin is expecting
an important call from China.
Bring this to the living room,
your cousins must be hungry.
Leave this here, we'll take care of it.
- Oh! Krieger.
- Hello.
- Where to?
- To Trapp. On my own!
Trapp, you dumb pig.
You'll send this out to
the Japs before five today!
Ah, you're right on cue.
Thank you.
What's this dweeb's number again?
Ah, 6-13.
Bloody hell! He really gets nothing
done at all, this dipshit!!
Trapp, that idiot from the sixth floor,
has screwed up the Japan job.
Trapp? But I thought he was on sick leave?
He's not getting extra
vacation for a burnout!
I told him to show up
and get the crap done.
I have to get the report.
Nah, one of the chicks will do it.
What an asshole.
Hello?
Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt.
I just wanted to get something.
Mr. Trapp? I'm here to get the report.
Mr. Trapp?
What a joke.
What kind of a circus is this?
You'll send this out to
the Japs before five today!
That idiot from the 6th floor...
This dipshit...Trapp, you dumb pig.
Will you come back as a trainee?
Oh, you're serious?
Yes, of course.
Once I take over,
a lot will change around here.